Backport jetpack 15.2-beta Changes (#45745)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 15.2-beta - 2025-11-03

> ### Enhancements
> - Forms: Add browser info to form responses exports. [#45709]
> - Forms: Add emoji flag to the response email next to the IP address. [#45645]
> - Forms: Add first and last name variations. [#45517]
> - Forms: Add flag next to the IP Address. [#45643]
> - Forms: Add new integrations list component. [#45648]
> - Forms: Add the IP address as the default field in the responses dashboard. [#45704]
> - Forms: Add time field. [#45665]
> - Forms: Disable Jetpack CRM integration by default. [#45667]
> - Forms: Enable forms push notifications functionality. [#45682]
> - Forms: Link IP to lookup service. [#45653]
> - Forms: Release Image Select Field to production. [#45577]
> - Forms: Start storing the country_code based on the IP with the form responses. [#45599]
> - Subscription forms: provide autocomplete attribute for email fields, to help with filling in email addresses. [#44929]
> - Don't translate product names. [#43961]
> 
> ### Bug fixes
> - Forms: Fix where notices show up so they don't overlap the bottom action bar. [#45616]
> - Forms: Simplify the selection on the responses dashboard so that it changes every time to only the valid set of items. [#45618]
> 
> ### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
> - API: Ensure API root is set prior to usage. [#45708]
> - Calendar Reader: Remove debugging statement added to bypass caching. [#45671]
> - Editor assets endpoint: Mock current screen to avoid fatal errors from plugins/themes. [#45617]
> - Fix duplicate tracking event for carousel. [#45720]
> - Flex sites: Return the is_wpcom_flex flag from the sites API for deleted sites. [#45719]
> - Forms: Add browser info to form responses detail view. [#45674]
> - Phan: Address PhanRedundantCondition, PhanRedundantArrayValuesCall, and PhanPluginRedundantAssignment violations. [#45681]
> - Prevent PHP error when handling malformed style source. [#45621]
> - Remove incorrect comment. [#45724]
> - Shortcodes: Fix JS error in presentation shortcode. [#45701]
> - Tests: Update WooCommerce sync related tests to account for whitelisting order item meta. [#45684]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 15.2-beta - 2025-11-03
### Enhancements
- Forms: Add browser info to form responses exports. [#45709]
- Forms: Add emoji flag to the response email next to the IP address. [#45645]
- Forms: Add first and last name variations. [#45517]
- Forms: Add flag next to the IP address. [#45643]
- Forms: Add new integrations list component. [#45648]
- Forms: Add the IP address as the default field in the responses dashboard. [#45704]
- Forms: Add time field. [#45665]
- Forms: Enable forms push notifications functionality. [#45682]
- Forms: Link IP to lookup service. [#45653]
- Forms: Release Image Select Field to production. [#45577]
- Forms: Start storing the country_code based on the IP with the form responses. [#45599]
- Subscription forms: Provide autocomplete attribute for email fields to help with filling in email addresses. [#44929]
- Prevent translation of product names. [#43961]

### Bug fixes
- Forms: Ensure notices don't overlap the bottom action bar. [#45616]
- Forms: Simplify the selection on the responses dashboard so that it changes every time to only the valid set of items. [#45618]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
- API: Ensure API root is set prior to usage. [#45708]
- Calendar Reader: Remove debugging statement added to bypass caching. [#45671]
- Editor assets endpoint: Mock current screen to avoid fatal errors from plugins/themes. [#45617]
- Fix duplicate tracking event for carousel. [#45720]
- Flex sites: Return the `is_wpcom_flex` flag from the sites API for deleted sites. [#45719]
- Forms: Add browser info to form responses detail view. [#45674]
- Phan: Address PhanRedundantCondition, PhanRedundantArrayValuesCall, and PhanPluginRedundantAssignment violations. [#45681]
- Prevent PHP error when handling malformed style source. [#45621]
- Remove incorrect comment. [#45724]
- Shortcodes: Fix JavaScript error in presentation shortcode. [#45701]
- Tests: Update WooCommerce sync related tests to account for whitelisting order item meta. [#45684]
```
